Changes:
0.9 public beta, May 14, 2021 in process, (August 3, 2021 released)
This is a bug-fixing update, with new features like YouTube search, COMPONENT updates, and more.
* User changes:
1. Updated YouTube-Dl to version 2021.6.6.0
1.1. Updated ffmpeg to version 4.3.2
1.2. Updated the BASS plug-in to version 2.4.16.1.
1.3. Updated MCY Radio to version 0.4.
1.4. Updated inno setup installation template to 6.2.
1.5. Added the button to open the menu, changes, user manual and GitHub thus expanding the boring main screen of the program even more.
1.6. added new options:
1.6.1. Improved accessibility: Announce item position in menus and in lists.
1.6.2. Clear settings.
1.6.3. Number of results.
1.6.4. Show tips.
1.7. Due to a popular request, a new search box has been added! more information in the user manual.
1.8. New sounds.
1.9. Renamed "download as mp3" to "download as audio" and added new audio formats to choose from like WAV, Ogg, flac, etc.
1.10. In the download interface, tips were added that tell you what each element or control does, you can disable this in the options panel.
1.11. The repository on GitHub is back, resulting in the removal of the bug reporter, fixes, and code cleanup.
* Bug fixes:
2. Fixed a few issues and bugs with the MCY Radio built into the program.
2.1. Fixed a small error in the download of subtitles in which the language of the subtitles were not displayed correctly.
2.2. Fixed visual errors with the interface and windows (for sighted people).
2.3. Fixed a bug with progress bars in audio (improved accessibility).
2.4. Fixed a serious bug with the updater that threw an autoIt message.
2.5. In the source code version, to avoid headaches, it is no longer strictly necessary to compile if you want to test something, since it launched a new version message.
2.6. Fixed a serious error with the "audio" UDF when starting the program, thanks to the test pc.
2.7. Fixed error when starting the English version of the program.
* Development:
3. Unfortunately, the "bug reporter" option has been removed since sometimes it used to not send these reports, and has been replaced by errors and suggestions, which opens a Google Forms page with the data that had to be entered in the old reporter from previous versions.
3.1. Updated the following UDFS:
• Say_UDF-20210727
• reader-20210714
• NVDAControllerClient-20210714
• menu_reader-20210714
• JFW-20210714
• audio-20210729
• Audio_Progress-20210725
3.2. Now it is no longer necessary to extract the sounds when running the program, it plays them in the same zip and the error alerts have been eliminated.
3.3. Removed zip UDF.
3.4. For developers, the $ windowsLanguage class has been removed and replaced by the @osLang macro.
3.5. For developers,Replaced function GetSubLang to dry by GetSubLang ($ url) to get subtitle language from a URL.
0.8.1 public beta.
Fixed bugs you record with the installable versions due to administrator privileges and with the sounds.
0.8 public beta, March 5, 2021 in process, (March 20, 2021 released)
* User changes:
1. Updated YouTubeDl to version 2021.3.25.0
1.1. Added user manual option in help menu.
1.2. The options menu and changes are already made in gui controls for those without enanced accessibility.
1.3. Due to various requests, multi-architecture is back.
1.4. Integrated Mini Audio Player, which replaces the open folder function when download is complete. More info. In the manual.
1.5. When downloading multimedia, the command prompt window no longer appears in black, but a GUI (graphic User Interface) window has been made for this. In it you can check the percentage of the download, its remaining time, etc. Feature completed successfully.
1.6. New progress bar where it informs you through the same program of YouTubeDl download progress. Feature performed and enabled successfully.
1.7. Now you can share your multimedia link to different social media.
1.8. At last, MCY Radio was added, although it is still available as a standalone app. If you want to add your radio, please send a message to the bug reporter. More info in the manual.
1.9. New submenu "Tools" in the main window
1.9.1. New extra tool. File converter (convert files...).
1.9.2. New extra tool. Play URL.
1.10. Enanced accessibility: Added support for JAWS For Windows (beta) and braille support for NVDA.
1.10.1. Added more options to speak, beep for download progress, or lower the media volume while the screen reader is speaking, etc.
1.11. Support for downloading channels or full users on YouTube has been improved.
*Fixes
2. The code has been optimized for fluency.
2.1. Fixed the destination folder edit box where files will be downloaded as this seemed to download from the program folder.
2.2. When you press escape or want to exit a window, for example "download in mp3", it takes you to the main window instead of exiting the program.
2.3. When you check for Youtube-dl updates, it will no longer show the black window of the Windows console, but updates directly from this application.
2.4. Fixed bug with the JAWS For Windows UDF.
*Development of the program:
3. Removed unnecessary UDFS.
3.1. Removed the audio manuals version and their files. Now the f1 opens the manual in text.
3.2. Removed some unnecessary sounds.
3.3. Removed internet connection detection and disconnection error messages for older computers. This did not seem to be working properly with them.
3.4. Some UDFs have been updated.
0.7 public beta, Nov 22, 2020 in process, (March 2, 2021 released)
This update brings many improvements, such as the new options menu, improved downloading of subtitles and video, choosing audio quality and more.
* User changes:
1. Updated YouTubeDl to version 2021.3.02.0
1.1. Key shortcuts have been added to the program interface.
1.2. Added new option: to select the destination folder where the downloaded multimedia files will be stored. By default it is saved in "C:\MCY\Download\audio"
1.3. New options menu (for enanced accessibility only) In it you can configure different options such as audio quality, language, download destination and more.
1.4. Updated the user manual, writing and explaining the new download interface, which has replaced the old one in which only an edit box to enter URL appeared. This new interface was made to extend the program.
1.5. The program space is reduced. The pack_estracter, the reports and suggestions tool has been removed and the size of the sounds are reduced. These tools are included in the only MCY.exe, in order to reduce space.
1.6. Work is underway for a possible version for users running 32-bit pc's.
1.7. Some combo boxes have been labeled, such as the subtitle download mode selection and in playlists.
1.8. New progress bar (beta) where it informs you through the same program of YouTubeDl download progress. (feature in development)
1.9. When completing a download, the program asks you if you want to open the folder where the downloaded multimedia files are stored.
*Fixes:
2. Fixed the function to download playlists, where the files were saved in the location of the program and with wrong file names.
2.1. Fixed bug reporter tool.
2.2. An error has been fixed in which, if you downloaded a video and wanted to download another one again, it would throw an AutoIt error message.
2.3. Fixed installation of the comaudio library for the first time. Now you must run as administrator, if this is the first time you run it on your machine.
2.4. Fixed bug with the updater where it prevented from running on some occasions.
2.5. Fixed bug when the program always runs as administrator, this became annoying in some cases.
2.6. Fixed problems with the antivirus, which sometimes detected the program as a threat, (technical things) this because it included a bgt script only for the sounds. It has now been removed and replaced with a new one made in autoIt.
2.7. Optimizations and corrections in the code.
2.8. Fixed visual error in the program interface, in which it was impossible to click on the download button since it was not found on the screen.
2.9. Fixed error with the program's installer where it launched a message in which it could not launch the executable at the finish of the installation.
*Program development:
3. Some UDFS were updated
3.1. Major change: All MT Programs are now hosted on one website. Likewise, added a menu item in help if you want to visit it.
3.2. Change of format of sounds, which are now in .Ogg in high quality, since the WAV format took up a lot of space.
3.3. Created log system. Useful if you find errors and need to check or send as a report.
3.4. New! Added MCY Radio, for now it's available as a standalone app. Get it at http://mateocedillo.260mb.net/programs.html
• Notes: The program is in beta phase, but even so, it is still functional for users.
• If you want to add your radio (apart from ours) You can tell us. The radio must only have a compatible playback format and a direct link where it is transmitted.
• If possible, we will add this accessory to MCY Downloader, as it can be a good alternative if you want to listen music. For now, the standalone application does not support updates from the same program, as this is a kind of experiment but it turned out to be a success.
3.4.1. MCY Radio is now available for android!
3.5. Added ZipUDF to decrypt sounds and other data. It should be noted that any copy of these is strictly prohibited.
3.6. Replacing the command prompt download window to display only in this application. (Feature in development)
0.6.4 public beta, Nov 28, 2020 in process, (Nov 28, 2020 released)
This update brings small corrections of errors regarding the download of multimedia and the dialog about the program, where when clicking on the OK button the dialog box would not stop showing.
0.6.3 public beta, Nov 16, 2020 in process, (Nov 16, 2020 released)
This update fixes a major bug when downloading from YouTube if you didn't have the microsoft visual c ++ redistributable packages. That is, add their respective libraries.
Thanks to users for reporting or commenting on the error that occurred in 0.6.2.
0.6.2 public beta, Nov 2, 2020 in process, (Nov 13, 2020 released)
This is another MCY mini update in which it improves certain features such as multimedia download (the main objective of this program). And the most important thing is that MCY Downloader is already a public program from now on. Hope you enjoy it. Any criticism, doubt, suggestion or message concerning this program are welcome.
*Information:
From October 30 to November 1 I had learned that it caused a lawsuit against YouTubeDl Library, in which this library is used by the program to fulfill its main objective. Therefore, it is not known what exactly will happen. If the popular library were to disappear, the program will continue, yes, we will be looking for other alternatives apart from the library already mentioned, that meets this objective, if this were to happen.
* User changes:
1. Updated YouTubeDl to version 2020.11.1.1.
*Fixes:
2. Fixed a bug with the bug reporter tool.
2.1. When downloading multimedia from YouTube, MCY now only shows the name of the video without the code at the end.
2.2. Fixed certain sections of the download interface.
0.6.1 private beta, Oct 29, 2020 in process, (Oct 31, 2020 released)
This minor update mainly brings some fixes, improvements in some features, etc.
* Information: Before releasing version 0.6.1 to the public, we had noticed that there were bugs between the language selector, the bug reporter and more. We will detail all the corrections that are being made. However, this is a minor version where bugs are fixed. Therefore 0.6.2 is available and ready for the public.
* User changes:
1. Added message of the day (only spanish).
1.1. Improved accessibility has been expanded.
1.2. If you have disabled the improved accessibility, now to choose a language you use a window that contains buttons, which replaces the contextual menu. This is because with the menu I had serious problems with the execution.
1.3. A new interface was created within the option "Download in mp3 ..." Where now you have different options. This replaced the single edit box to link and download. More info. in the manual.
1.4. Added possibility to download subtitles. (Developing).
1.5. Now you can download playlists.
*Fixes:
2. Fixed record error in which if you did not have the improved accessibility activated, after selecting your language, the program did not continue with the execution and the window closed unexpectedly, but still left a trace of the executable in the task manager. chores.
2.1. Fixed "error sending the message" in the error reporter.
2.2. Fixed function to download multimedia (mp3 and video)
2.3. Fixed bugs in some dialog alerts that provide program information.
0.6 private beta, Aug 14, 2020 in process, (Oct 28, 2020 released)
This update has many features and bug fixes. Among them, improved multi-language support and the new interface.
*program Development:
1. Updated ffmpeg to the latest version.
1.1. YouTube dl was also updated to version 2020.10.2.0
1.2. Now MCY no longer uses the AutoIt script to decrypt the sound pack file as it really was a conflict and was causing me a lot of headaches.
1.3. Installable version created for the program.
1.4. The download libraries are now included in a separate folder, as we did in previous versions of MCY downloader at 0.5.
* User changes:
2. The update system is being implemented.
2.1. added in the MCY menu the option to check for updates from the YouTube library.
2.2. Improved multi-language support.
2.2.1. Technical change: The detection of the language of the operating system has been improved. This is for MCY to detect the system language and through the language to reproduce the main voice menu according to the "English" and "Spanish" languages.
2.2.2. Exit option added to selector menu.
2.3. New sounds were added and others were updated.
2.4. When you run the program for the first time, MCY now displays a window for the necessary audio components to be installed.
2.5. MCY Downloader interface improved!
2.6. For better organization and convenience when using the program, a new feature called "Enanced accessibility" has been created.
Enanced accessibility allows you to use the program by using keyboard and voice commands. This was made for people with visual disabilities, so that people who see have their place as well. If you are not a person with some type of disability, we recommend that you do not activate it.

*Fixes:
3. This version corrects a very record error with the sounds in which it has been tried to solve.
3.1. Stability improvements in the program and reorganized the code.
3.2. MCY now has no problems detecting architecture.
3.3. Fixed a small problem with the sounds where an empty folder was created with the name "source codesounds" for the source code version and "compsounds" in the version compiled for the general public, which these folders are not nothing necessary.
3.4. Problems are being fixed in which buttons and some dialog windows are displayed with a very small font size. This change is noticeable, specifically in people with vision.
3.5. Fixed minor problems with accessibility.
3.6. Now MCY Downloader no longer throws the error message "The audio library could not be initialized." it had to do with the installation of the audio libraries.
4. The manual has been rewritten with the new features. Added credits to beta testers and collaborators who helped me with the program, as well as thanking them for their collaboration.
4.1. English translation of manual added.
5. In the MCY main window, you can now listen to the help of the program by pressing f1.
6. Finishing the development features of the previous version (0.5)

0.5 private beta, May 27, 2020 in process, (July 23, 2020 released)
First of all we want to apologize for the delay in launching the private update since I had serious problems with Windows and for the other activities I had to do. In addition, this version brings many new features, which are the following:
*Program development:
1. Updated ffmpeg to 64 bit version.
1.1. The program can now be run only if you are running a 64-bit pc.
1.1.1. If you are not running a 64 bit pc, MCY now shows an audible alert and quits.
1.1.2. Updated YouTubeDl to version 2020.6.16.0
1.2. In the case of the source code, to execute the program it must first be compiled or if it is not, it shows an error message along with a sound indicating that the software needs to be compiled.
1.2.1. Added a small debeloper mode in case off source code, when activate this mode, the program will not give you the error message indicating that you must compile the program. By default it is disabled for all users.
1.3. Added version of the program, product information, organization, etc. when the script is compiled
1.4. Libraries are included in the compiled MCY.exe file
1.4.1. When you open the program, it will ask you to wait a moment for the necessary files to be copied. It doesn't take long.
1.5. Now the program creates a MCY \ tmp folder in program files (in the installable version for future versions) Where everything downloaded with MCY is stored and when completing an action or when closing the program, the "tmp" folder is automatically deleted .
1.6. The ComAudio library has been added for some features of the program, such as the main voice menu.
*User changes:
2. Now the program shows a notification, a text and a label while YouTubeDl is updating or looking for updates indicating that you have to wait.
2.1. The program no longer hangs when playing the sound waiting for the update.
2.1.1. The background music of the updates has already been changed for both the YouTube library and other components. Maybe we can add support for program updates in future versions.
3. Fixed greetings.
4. Now when you press the accept button in the first welcome box, MCY will download and show you in a text box the most recent changes online. The document is updated daily every time there is a change in the program, either in the current version or if a new one is being worked on.
5. Now it is possible to download videos and the problem that even if you inserted the correct URL showed an alert that the link was incorrect, it was solved.
6. The MCY downloader interface has been improved.
6.1. After opening the program, now MCY downloader will show a window instead of showing the box to enter the URL.
6.2. The MCY menu bar is finally working, found in the new interface.
7. We are adding multi-language support. This feature can take a long time to complete. (in develpment)
7.1. Added a audio main menu to select a language. for now Is english and spanish only available.
7.2. For people with vision, now they can select the language through a context menu, you must click on it. (feature still in development)
8. Sounds are now encrypted
9. Unfortunately, we have removed the source code from Github of the program due to personal measures taken.
10. Now an encrypted .st file with some program settings is saved in the program directory, for example: Language selected by the user.
11. The organization of sounds has been improved, now they are located in a separate folder.
• In the case of the source code, MCY loads the sounds from that folder.
• Instead, in the case of the compiled program, it loads it with the data of the sounds, decrypting them first.
12. Added a new reporting sistem for report error or suggest.

0.4 private beta, May 15, 2020 in progress, (May 24, 2020 released)
In this version there have been many insignificant changes in the program. We will detail them below
1. All code has been changed from Windows console language to AutoIt. since programming in the Windows language did not seem very safe or very familiar to me.
1.1. YouTubeDl and Ffmpeg libraries have also been updated to their latest versions
1.1.1. If a YouTube dl update is available, background music plays while the update downloads.
1.2. The script can now be compiled
1.3. Defined the variables of the program version and the download service (youtube.com) for future use in later versions.
1.4. The source code has been released, on GitHub. There is currently no link available. Suggestions and requests are all welcome to improve the program:
1.5. It should be noted that this will be the last version of the program to support multi-architecture, that is, 32 and 64. From the following versions it will only be compatible with 64 bits.
2. Now the program plays a sound and a welcome alert
3. Created a portable version, it is only a beta to test. This is probably the last private beta of the program, in future versions it will be made public.
4. For obvious reasons, in previous versions to download the video you had to edit the script and in one line put the URL to download. IN this version, an edit box will now appear to place the YouTube link or URL to download and just press accept.
• This is because the program is now compiled to avoid plagiarism or other types of copies and it is also a somewhat easier experience.
4.1. After updating YouTube dl, you no longer need to press a key to resume the program. It will resume as soon as the update is complete.
5. Other new sounds have been made and added to the program. Find out for yourself.
6. Now when you try to insert an invalid URL, the program show's you an alert with a warning along with a sound indicating it.
7. A context menu has been created where there is a help submenu and a menu about ... To consult about the program. Note: For now this feature is still under development.
8. We are having a small but at the same time a somewhat serious problem when executing the command to download the video with the data entered by the user. We will try to solve this serious problem as much as we can.

0.3 private beta, May 8, 2020

For a long time we have decided to continue developing the program. These are the changes that we have been able to make for the moment:
1. Now, if you are running the program for the first time, it creates a folder on the local disk, named MCY. Inside it there is a subfolder called download, and inside it, 2 subfolders:
• Audio: Folder where the converted or downloaded audios will be stored
• Video: The original video files that you download from YouTube
2. Now the program automatically searches for any updates to the YouTube library. If so, it downloads automatically. At the moment the updater window is put in the background and when it has finished the program resumes. It should be noted that you have to press a key to continue when the library update has finished.
3. Updated YouTube library the same day as the launch of this beta
Version 0.2 private beta

Fixes some small bugs, among them, the window title was not displayed correctly and sometimes when downloading videos it marked an error message. The YouTube library was also updated.
In this version you are now trying to work with ffmpeg, this process is still in maintenance and in development, so at the moment you can only download on video.
Fixed error when sometimes the video is downloaded corruptly
Version 0.1 public beta, April 2019
This is the initial version. However you can find errors in the program, in this version it is only a small script made with the Windows console language.